>> Shirley Wu: So
finally I want to give some resources.
In terms of researching for
this particular workshop,
I counted these two books
were especially helpful, so
The Functional Art by Alberto Cairo and
Visual Analysis and
Design by Tamara Munzner.
So both of them were really
helpful in terms of kind of giving
me a very organized approach
to thinking about the design
of visualization,
as well as some resources online.
I mentioned before, the Datawrapper Blog
has a lot of really great resources.
Flowing Data has a newsletter that,
just kind of, everyday,
just gives you noteworthy visualizations.
So that might be good to follow in
terms of just getting inspiration and
seeing what other people
are doing with visualizations.
Andy Kirk has a blog series
that's called The little of
visualization design and
this one just kinda picks out details.
He doesn't talk about
the overall visualization.
He'll pick out one little detail in
the visualization that he thinks was done
really, really well and
talk about why that's well.
And I really, really like that
little focus on the details.
And I think it's really important.
I've talked about the pudding for
visual storytelling, there's also
the Information is Beautiful Awards, I'm
looking at past winners for inspiration.
I mean,
I also was going to plug data sketches,
which is the Project between Nadi and I.
And it's a bunch of different
visualizations around different topics.
And we've gotten feedback that people
really, really like our process write up.
So we'll talk about how we got the data,
how we did the sketches and
how we did the code.
So I recommend that, too.
And finally I want to
thank all of these people.
I just realized I am a horrible person for
spelling Lisa's name wrong,
this might happen 2AM last night.
But I want to thank Lisa Rost for a lot
of the blog posts on data wrapper and
Nadieh and Susie and Elijah for helping
give me feedback for this workshop.
And all of my beautiful beta-testers
that made sure the content for
this was as good as possible.
And I want to thank you Frontend Masters
for letting me do this and
putting up with almost a 12 hour workshop.
[LAUGH] Just nine hours.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for letting me do this.
>> Group: [APPLAUSE]